{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh14680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MultiRipple\
Jason Lawrie\
1/29/2019\
\
Purpose:\
The MultiRipple application was built off the ClickRipple application using ideas from the original program. Questions like \'93can I have multiple circles drawing at the same time?\'94 And \'93can I collect user inputs for any or all of these properties?\'94 It was good practice for manipulating various elements and javascript objects.\
\
Outcome:\
The user can now select the radius in pixels from 1 to 250, the speed (as a duration or period in seconds) from 0.1 seconds to 10 seconds, the line thickness in pixels from 1 to 10, the line color, and the fill color. A preview pane shows the user what the current settings will create. The user can click to create as many circles as they like until their computer\'92s memory can no longer handle it. A clear screen button removes ALL circles from the canvas. An undo button removes the most recent circle from the canvas. The entire page, including the canvas, user inputs, title, preview, and buttons will move and expand as the page is resized.\
\
\
Lessons Learned:\
>used input elements of type \'93text\'94, \'93range\'94, and \'93color\'94\
>used button elements with onclick event handler to run javascript functions\
>used javascript to collect and use the values of the input elements (without using a submit button)\
>used nested div elements for improved layout and appearance\
>used css grid for layout\
>used an onresize handler in the body element to call a function that resizes the canvas element in pixels whenever the page is resized\
\'97\'97>learned that using style to resize a canvas element \'93stretches\'94 it so that the (x.y) coordinates are no longer correct\
>used arrays to store values for multiple circles\
\'97\'97>should try to use objects for future circles\
>used file level permission variables to avoid passing parameters \
\'97\'97>passing parameters to an animation frame appears to slow it down tremendously\
>used pop() methods to undo user action on stored arrays\
>added lineWidth, fillStyle, and strokeStyle properties to my context object\
\'97\'97>did not allow the user to select a \'93no-fill\'94 option. It wouldn\'92t be overly hard to have a checkbox and an if statement on the \'93ctx.fill\'94 command\
\
\
}